# Multiple-Disease-Prediction
We built a multiple disease prediction system using machine learning in python. We also deployed this web app using Stramlit.  This multiple Diseases Prediction system using ML that predict the diabetes, heart disease, Parkinson disease.
Many of the existing machine learning models for health care analysis are concentrating on one disease per analysis. For example first is for liver analysis, one for cancer analysis, one for lung diseases like that. If a userwants to predict more than one disease, he/she has to go through different sites. There is no common system where one analysis can perform more than one disease prediction. Some of the models have lower accuracy which can seriously affect patients’ health. When an organization wants to analyse their patient’s health reports, they have to deploy many models which in turn increases the cost as well as time Some of the existing systems consider very few parameters which can yield false results.

Abstract
Data mining for healthcare is an interdisciplinary field of study that originated in database statistics and is useful in examining the effectiveness of medical therapies. Machine learning and data visualization Diabetes-related heart disease is a kind of heart disease that affects diabetics. Diabetes is a chronic condition that occurs when the pancreas fails to produce enough insulin or when the body fails to properly use the insulin that is produced. Heart disease, often known as cardiovascular disease, refers to a set of conditions that affect the heart or blood vessels. Despite the fact that various data mining classification algorithms exist for predicting heart disease, there is inadequate data for predicting heart disease in a diabetic individual. Because the decision tree model consistently beat the naive Bayes and support vector machine models, we fine-tuned it for best performance in forecasting the likelihood of heart disease in diabetes individuals.
